0:00 Hey, super quick, I'm just gonna walk you through a little bit of kinda how I'm thinking about, Brex. So, today, Brex has their blog, which is pretty much just a grid, and that grid, the grid has a link to all articles, which is just only blog articles, and, but then also has, like, this one tag, if 
0:30 you will, but it doesn't seem like there's, like, many other tags, but it's pretty inconsistent overall, right? But all the same patterns, headline Building Brecks, Hero, Grid, some have authors, others don't.
0:44 So if you go here, like, they don't show authors because not everyone has authors, right? And, and so they're kind of doing a mix of hub and spoke on topic level, but then also fairly flat.
1:01 And, pretty inconsistent as far as like the actual page experience where like some have author and date, but don't have like jump links or CTAs or related, very little cross-linking.
1:12 There's no tags. There's nothing even here where it says the Brecks benchmark. like it's in here, but it's, it's inconsistent because here it's like all articles, right?
1:22 So you can see like blog, are. articles, then the breadcrumb, even the breadcrumb, there's issues and a bunch of other things.
1:29 Then you have, so that's the blog. then from there nav, there's no way to get to spending trends that I could find, at all.
1:37 And, unless you go to this latest, which is It's kind of confusing, like, latest what? And view all? It goes to slash resources or here also go to slash resources, but it's, it's not super obvious.
1:49 so then if you go to resources, it's like a horrible sub nav and, and then each one of these is like a hub of things that is also very similar to how they did the tags pages as well.
2:06 Right? Right. Which is mostly just a grid. the problem is when you click in that, like you have the breadcrumb, but it's not super clear, like, okay, so you're in case studies, but you're still under resources or not.
2:16 And, and then if you go from here to let's say the blog, you can't go back there. Right? So it's a little inconsistent.
2:23 And then there's like things that are like completely abandoned, like podcasts, for example. Like the last episode was, May of last year.
2:32 So it's been over seven months already. And, and then the hero here is a little bit different. It has the latest, all of these have like filters.
2:41 and if you apply the filter, it takes you to actually like a search result with that filter. But this, this is not indexable, this page, right?
2:50 Like, so, ideally, these are, like, filters that are, like, truly indexable, and, and then you have to load more. Anyways, there's a lot of issues here, right?
2:59 And then, finally, there's, like, spending trends, which I personally could not find very easily, and if I can't find, it's also, like, an issue, and so, the only way to find it is if you go here, in spending trends, and then, like, spending trends, actually, like, a little bit better, they have, like
3:17 , spending trends, and then, they have topics, and if you go to topics, like, see all, then it opens up, like, a, a topics page, right, for that, that looks exactly like the homepage, but filtered for that topic, right, which is a good, overall experience, or a better experience.
3:35 Then, in the article, there's no cover images, there's no author, there's no date, there is, however, a table of contents, which is great, right, and some even have CTAs, but then others don't, and there's also no related, and, no, and it's a one-to-one tag, because it's, like, physical URL under expense
3:57 management, right, in other words, like, it's a very structured, not flexible, so you couldn't be in two categories today, as it is, right, and so, then, on top of that, the goal is to introduce tools to this whole web, but it's a mess, like, so, ideally, what we need to suggest is, hey, there's gotta
4:17 be some glue to this whole thing, and that's what a kind of prototype is, like, how do you create this kind of, like, just consistent thing, where it's, like, everything has resources, regardless of the URL structure, you know where you are within your web, and, and then, you make it to where grids can
4:35 show a type of content, whether it's articles, or, you know, or tools, or, in this case, is, lists, and, or reports, so it's, it can be a grid of one kind of type, like an articles, or a report, or a list, or whatever, and then you have, like, different patterns, but everywhere you go, there is a sticky
4:57 sub-nav that brings all those things together. And consistent modules, and, and our components, and patterns, and we're really, really clear when you drill down, like, how you go back to others, and there's a lot more dynamic cross-linking with tags, which are, like, link you to, like, these hubs, if
5:15 you will, by topic, by role, by persona, by, you know, think of it as, like, tags, right? and there's, like, ideally dates, when possible, authors, there's a consistent page experience on the articles, right?
5:29 There's more things around, like, related as well, and, and I think by doing that, plus adding additional surface area everywhere, I am really, really confident that would see more conversions, and way more traffic, because it's way, would be way more, like, cohesive, right?
5:46 So then, if you look at, let's just look at a site that's massive, right, so for instance, like, Square, right?
5:53 Square has this publication called, called, The Bottom Line, and Bottom Line is almost kind of like a, a site on its own, And for each one of these you can see it, like, it's operated as almost like an individual, site.
6:09 And you have these topic hubs, and then when you go into each one of these topic hubs, like Selling Anywhere or Managing Your Finances, all the articles are, are here, but then all of them have multiple tags and then each tag has a page that is pretty consistent, and you're, again, like, you know at 
6:31 least where you are, and, and I think there's, like, things you can do to make this even better, but, but it's, like, it's just, like, a cohesive experience, right?
6:38 Like, so then if you're here, it's, like, selling anywhere, there's featured, and then there's just, like, this grid, right? But then if you go to the home page, there's, like, the sub-nav, the there is Feature, there's a CTA, then you have, like, Trending, and then you have By Topic, where you can also
6:55 view all, Editor's Pick, and then you have, like, you know, Explore Topics more, Contributors, and then Most Recent. So, so it's, like, a little bit of, like, exposing it, and so, yeah.
7:10 Before we add more surface area to the site, hopefully, like, we're also helping them be more consistent, because it's super messy right now, super inconsistent experience, it's hard to find things, and unless you know to go to that specific area, it is just a horrible web experience.
7:26 So if we fix the web experience, make it all more consistent, and then also, in parallel, add new sections and additional services.
7:34 surface area, eh, I think they'll have a higher chance of hitting their numbers.